IMPORTANT.  This is a legally binding agreement between Kestrel
Institute ("Kestrel") and you ("Licensee").  It is the complete and
exclusive statement of the terms and conditions regarding your use of
the Specware system.  Read it carefully.  By selecting "I Accept", you
agree to be bound by this agreement. you are not permitted to use the
Software unless you agree.

Software License Agreement (Specware -- "Academic & Research License")

License Grant.  Kestrel hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to use Specware (the "Software") in object
code form solely for Licensee's noncommercial educational, research
and development purposes.  Any attempt to transfer any of the rights,
duties or obligations hereunder is void.  Licensee may not use the
Software for other purposes, and may not copy, modify, transfer, rent,
lease, loan, sell, or distribute the Software, or any copy thereof, in
whole or in part, or permit any third party to gain access to the
Software or any part thereof, except for making a single copy for
backup or archival purposes, provided that Licensee reproduces all
copyright and other proprietary notices that are on or included with
the original copy of the Software.  Any use for other than
noncommercial educational, research and development purposes, of works
created with, using or based on the Software, is not permitted under
this Agreement and shall require a separately negotiated Commercial
License from Kestrel.

Ownership and Proprietary Rights Notices.  The Software is proprietary
to Kestrel and its licensors, and all rights, title and interest in
the Software will at all times remain the property of Kestrel and its
licensors, irrespective of the ownership of the media, if any, on
which any copies of the Software are recorded.  Licensee may not
reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, or translate the Software,
or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of the Software.  All
proprietary rights notices or legends in the Software and any related
documentation provided by Kestrel, including trade names, trademarks,
copyright designations and authorship attributions shall be retained
in any and all copies of the Software.  Any publication by or on
behalf of Licensee which refers to the Software shall state that the
Software was created by Kestrel.

Disclaimer of Warranty.  The Software is experimental in nature and is
provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, including any
implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, and non infringement. Licensee assumes the entire risk
arising out of use of the Software.  No oral or written information or
advice given by Kestrel, its licensors, employees or agents shall
create or increase the scope of any warranties.

Limitation of Liability.  In no event shall Kestrel or any of its
suppliers or licensors or any suppliers or licensors of any of its
suppliers or licensors be liable to Licensee or to any third party for
any damages of any kind (including, without limitation, lost profits,
lost data, interruption of business, or other general, special,
direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages), whether in
contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, arising out of
this license or the use of or inability to use the Software or any
data supplied therewith, even if Kestrel or its licensors have been
advised of the possibility of such damages.

U.S. Government Unlimited Rights. The Software is provided with
Unlimited Government Rights.

Term and Termination.  This Agreement will be effective immediately,
and shall continue until terminated as set forth herein.  Kestrel may
terminate this Agreement immediately at any time upon written notice
to Licensee if Licensee breaches any term of this Agreement.  Licensee
may terminate this Agreement by written notice to Kestrel if Licensee
no longer wishes to make use of the Software.  Upon termination of
this Agreement, Licensee will immediately cease using the Software,
and return all copies of the Software to Kestrel. Termination of this
Agreement will not limit either party from pursuing any other remedies
available to it, including but not limited to injunctive relief.

Export Law.  The Software is subject to U.S. export control laws and
may be subject to export and re-export restrictions and regulations of
the Department of Commerce or other United States agency or authority
as well as export or import regulations in other countries.  Licensee
agrees to strictly comply with all such laws and restrictions and
regulations, and not to transfer, or authorize the transfer, of the
Software or any part thereof to a prohibited country or otherwise in
violation of any such restrictions or regulations.  If an individual,
Licensee acknowledges that he or she is not a national of Cuba, Iran,
Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan or Syria, or a party that is listed in
the U.S. Table of Denial Orders or the U.S. Treasury Department's list
of Specially Designated Nationals.

Fee Waiver and Absence of Support Obligations.  Provided that Licensee
complies with the terms of this Agreement, Kestrel shall waive the
license fees for the use of the Software.  Kestrel and its suppliers
or licensors shall have no obligation to provide any support or
maintenance services to Licensee.  Kestrel may, but is not obliged to,
provide newer releases of the Software, which then shall be included
in the definition of "Software" hereunder. Kestrel requests that its
Academic & Research Licensees, as a matter of courtesy, provide a copy
to Kestrel of publications arising from research using the Software.

General.  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
California and the United States of America, without regard to choice
of law principles.  Each party agrees to comply with all applicable
laws, rules and regulations in connection with its activities under
this Agreement.

